Jaime Crouchet: JD Christian. I was supposed to be at work right here, right at nine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right. You can't in here. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I probably won't remember but let me just get the concept
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your insurance coverage for you because I know everybody has to sort of manage their finances around their program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Depending on
Gwenevere Abriel: If people change jobs or their insurance benefits to their organization will change over time. What's, what's your situation. Just bring me up to speed. So I'm confused.
Jaime Crouchet: I have an $8,000 deductible that I need to meet before
Gwenevere Abriel: crieff
Jaime Crouchet: Right. It's so not even worth it. I'm going to opt out of I've been looking around for different insurance. I'm going to opt out of this one at work.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay. Crazy.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, really cover anything medication anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's just that's insane. I mean, you might as well be paying your own insurance out of, like, ya know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Row. So, who's your company. What's your United Health at now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: So I don't know if I should call them and see if maybe they have a different plan, but I have been shopping around for other ones but but that's just crazy. I can't. I can't.
Jaime Crouchet: I can't keep doing it. I miss group I miss doing this every week, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, we were making some good progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm okay. All right. And so what is what's right heart health. What do they want from you in order to attend sessions. What's that sort of agreement, you have with them.
Jaime Crouchet: I just make the payment.
Jaime Crouchet: Time that I can
Gwenevere Abriel: And so until, until that changes, did you work out with Dr. I braille that you'll go to group because I think that's probably the more expensive service because you're paying for to to physicians, you're paying for the physician and me.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, so it's one
Jaime Crouchet: So it's 105 for group and 64 one on one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, or you're going to did you work out with Dr ariela plan going once a month to group.
Jaime Crouchet: No, no, I haven't. I've only talked to you about it. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty if you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty sure should say yes.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right at the end. Are you going in tomorrow.
Jaime Crouchet: It's a group
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Possibly
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you if you're on a medication, you may want to because then you can you can say, hey, Dr brielle can
Gwenevere Abriel: Speak with you and what have you, right at the end and then you can bring it up and I'll be there. And I can say, you know, clinically. I think she's capable of doing it and sort of help in that endeavor until you
Gwenevere Abriel: Because then it's more affordable. I mean, yes, I want you in group to but if it means
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to drop out of the program either so
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah I don't either, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So think about that. You think you can pull it off tomorrow or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's if you think about it like it might mean that you don't have to go for a month, you could think of it like, all right, divide that by four.
Jaime Crouchet: Could it be well i get i get i get paid this week, so I can definitely go to group next week group and one and one next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: You want to just have to. Yeah, I just need to read that sit down and write out my budget for that, I think, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you won't be here on 25 you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 3 as the group where you talk with her.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, a little note in here. I'll say, because I'll forget. I've got a lot going on, just for Jamie
May.
Jaime Crouchet: Raise and today is the day I'm supposed to refill though topic of
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay um yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I think show. I'll just send her a message. I mean, I don't I don't make I don't do the prescribing I just say people show up and they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Just send a message in for you though right now, since you're here.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay. So Jamie see
Gwenevere Abriel: Here individual and her
Gwenevere Abriel: Hope we can correct me if I'm saying it out loud, you can correct me though. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, is to attend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Group 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: March 3
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, ma'am. To whoops. That's two to three to 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: And then individual counseling.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to hold that am spot on March 2 or do you want to find another one where your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: When when might you be home that week.
Jaime Crouchet: Well, the 10am normally works today. I'm only here for a couple hours for specific reasons it's not normal, that all work Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the second you want me to hold that 10am spot.
Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So then we'll go into de de
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoops Tuesday's actually 333 three and this is three to
10am
Gwenevere Abriel: You going out of state out of town.
Jaime Crouchet: Don't have plans to yet.
Jaime Crouchet: I just got back Saturday.
Jaime Crouchet: And
Jaime Crouchet: And hopefully she can feel my meds for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say one more time.
Jaime Crouchet: I said, and hopefully she can feel my meds for today. I haven't had a dose and Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, how did what's been going on at that happen.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm just an idiot.
Jaime Crouchet: So when I went to the airport Saturday and I put my badges up on that thing. So I fly southwest and the first two bags that are 50 pounds and under are free. Well, my bag was 60 pounds.
Jaime Crouchet: So it's taking out all the heaviest things and my bag of shampoo you want you can replay shampoo. But I had my strips in there too and I didn't realize that. So it was only a couple
Gwenevere Abriel: So you through you threw out a couple strips.
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: I swear I have my my purse. I always have them. My first, but I didn't even think about it was just so chaotic at the airport, I just was taken out the heavy stuff and
Jaime Crouchet: When I got home, I was like, oh my god.
Jaime Crouchet: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into your notes here are
Covered in
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to concentrate today you okay right now.
Yeah.
Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: What's going on in life in general but
Jaime Crouchet: Like I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so what are some of the challenges you're facing. Let me in there a little bit.
Jaime Crouchet: So,
Jaime Crouchet: I I applied for the Cherry Creek position in Denver.
Jaime Crouchet: Um,
Jaime Crouchet: But I feel like my boss is making it a little bit difficult. So I don't know.
Hmm.
Jaime Crouchet: She um
Jaime Crouchet: So when I came back home this weekend that bought that regional my boss up there. I told her she asked me if I wanted to come back.
Jaime Crouchet: And I said, Yeah, definitely. I mean, we've been making great momentum. This last month this hotel is turned around our scores have gone up by 30 points in a month.
Jaime Crouchet: Wow, our revenues up by a couple thousand dollars a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: It's been a huge change. And I told her I just wanted to keep that momentum. So I would love all all managed remotely here if she could have another GM stop by periodically long gone.
Jaime Crouchet: And she was on board with other things. Great. She said, I'm a good fit for that place. So just hurry up and put in my application. And so when I got back home and I was telling my boss about it. She said, No.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that
Gwenevere Abriel: Like likes you to do everything for her that one. Yeah. Because what she's doing again.
Jaime Crouchet: Well, so she and I told her I told her, I'm just going to manage remotely until I can come back and she's like, well, you can't go back till after on the other side of conference which is March eight,
Jaime Crouchet: Um, and I said,
Jaime Crouchet: I said, Well, I'm just going to manage remotely and have a new another GM stop by and she said, No, you can't do that. You don't want to be responsible for a hotel that you're not even sure you're going to be working at
Jaime Crouchet: So that definitely bothered me. So I called that regional there and told her what she said. And I said, she plans on calling you tomorrow. So I just want you and I to be on the same page. I want to be there. And I want to help and I want this job right.
Jaime Crouchet: And she said, Okay, well, we'll just see what she has to say.
Jaime Crouchet: So, at the same time. All this is happening, my landlord, who I've been renting from for five years.
Jaime Crouchet: Gives me a notice her son's coming back from college and she needs the house.
Jaime Crouchet: To be packed.
Gwenevere Abriel: find time to move. I don't know where. But there's a sign coming your way.
Jaime Crouchet: Right.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, so, so I don't know whether I should be looking for a new house here in Denver or what. And then in the midst of all that Greg and I broke up a couple weeks ago.
Jaime Crouchet: How
Gwenevere Abriel: You say it so casually. How did that affect you.
Jaime Crouchet: It's
Jaime Crouchet: It's, it's, it was okay. The first week, but the last week has been really hard.
Jaime Crouchet: So, I mean, we were together for five years and not one morning or one night. Did he miss with a good morning and good night text.
Jaime Crouchet: At the very least, and so that's when I feel it is that night in the morning when I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: For a mutual decision.
Jaime Crouchet: I just, I feel like I caught him lying to me and I don't know why he would lie.
Jaime Crouchet: So he told me that he was going to draw others to cartel members that escaped from prison and so he had to go to Chihuahua and investigators
Jaime Crouchet: And he told me that he's like I there's, I won't be on here, very much.
Jaime Crouchet: It's international rates. So we can't talk. You know, like we always do. Right. And so because his phone as a government phone, you know, very rarely use each other's phone numbers we use an app.
Jaime Crouchet: We use an app that can't be tracked on his phone.
Jaime Crouchet: It's kick that we use and a while ago, we used to use this app called Hangouts and on Hangouts. That tells you when you're online. And when you're not
Jaime Crouchet: So I was sending him a couple messages.
Jaime Crouchet: And
Jaime Crouchet: It was on Valentine's Day. Actually, that I never, I didn't hear from him at all and Valentine's Day, and the two days after. So I was starting to get really worried about him and I'm texting him and nothing back
Jaime Crouchet: So then SOMETHING TOLD ME SOMETHING TOLD ME to just check that other out. I get on and sure enough, it shows that he's active on that app.
Jaime Crouchet: And so I sent him a message on the app.
Jaime Crouchet: Saying I cannot believe that you're just going to let me sit here and worry about you. I don't hear from you on Valentine's Day. And he just so he replies.
Jaime Crouchet: He replied to me saying
Jaime Crouchet: Saying he was on there talking to his daughters, and he can't be on the phone lines out there.
Jaime Crouchet: And I said, but if you're on there talking to your daughters, you know, I'm at home worried Fick like I'm in tears worried that something happened to you.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm worried and you have the opportunity to fix that for me and take that, take that away from me and you choose not to. Why are you lying to me. Are you telling me that you can't be on the phone when you can clearly you can. I can see your active right there.
Jaime Crouchet: And he just offered no explanation after that.
Jaime Crouchet: And so I'm sold buying it. I mean, if I'm not worth an explanation. And if I'm not me. If this isn't worth even talking about or anything, then fine, whatever, do your thing. And I'll go my way
Jaime Crouchet: And he hasn't tried to reach out since
Gwenevere Abriel: So that seems like maybe you were onto something and and that was it just a coincidence on Valentine's Day. He disappeared, like that. Typically I know it's a hallmark thing, but sometimes people like in past years. Was that something you guys found a way to sort of celebrate
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, we did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so does that seem odd that it would happen on that day.
Jaime Crouchet: I think that
Jaime Crouchet: Well, what I think is that he did get busy on that day okay i i do think that I do think that maybe he didn't respond to me. The two days after because he knew I was gonna have a problem with that.
Jaime Crouchet: Because if he I mean Valentine's Day didn't sneak up on us. He knew when he was going to draw off. He could have we could have done something before he left.
Jaime Crouchet: I don't know, I just I just
Jaime Crouchet: I feel tired of being the person to fix everything and put everything into this and he just gets to sit back and
Jaime Crouchet: And hide behind his work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is familiar in the beginning. Then there was a he came out and saw me, then we're okay. We're okay. We're okay this is sounding like way, it sounded right in the beginning when you were letting me and a little bit about that relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm tired of it. It's one way. Um, so there was a moment when you started to invest and does it seem like it just reverted back to he's not really investing in the relationship is am I hearing it correctly.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're tired.
Jaime Crouchet: I am and I literally have begged him to just say something and he just doesn't he very rarely talks about anything.
Jaime Crouchet: anything important
Gwenevere Abriel: So as you get more familiar with getting in touch with your own thoughts and feelings right you through therapy and wherever else
Gwenevere Abriel: Your confidence around it is getting bigger and bolder and maybe you're starting to expect a little bit more from him and he he may have reached a wall where he can't do it. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that is not uncommon for people right that are sort of working on themselves is their tolerance for whatever they were tolerating before starts to disappear, they're not willing to tolerate things anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I don't know. I don't know if what got reacted in you was
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see like really right because I'm not in the relationship. Only you know
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you feel done you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You done or if he did a big I'll fly out and see you
Jaime Crouchet: But it feels
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we'll go back and we'll go through this again.
Jaime Crouchet: I feel like if he
Jaime Crouchet: If he tried if he came to me and and wanted to fix it and do it hurt me. And we hurt each other and we worked on it. I feel like I was
Jaime Crouchet: At the same time, I'm not going to reach out to him. I'm not running to him. I'm not going to him. I mean, it's in hit the ball is in his court that he doesn't do anything with it and whatever and find there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you said you feel like to
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking to his daughters, and he was
Jaime Crouchet: Saying to you. I can't talk right okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's got no no story about that right
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if he came to you and explained why, and it seemed reasonable, rational, that would be a big, big effort on his part.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See work for the FBI or something.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Jaime Crouchet: It works for da
Jaime Crouchet: So I know that he's not an emotional guy I know that
Jaime Crouchet: Emotions are, it's very clear emotions are uncomfortable for him.
Jaime Crouchet: But
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, I don't know if this will feel good timing or bad timing. I don't know.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: He sounds a lot like the emotional availability of your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I may have told you
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a whole relationship therapy approach the motto relationship therapy out there that it would probably really your job would probably drop because you'll be like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so weird. WE WOULD THINK MY MOM, DOESN'T SHOW. SHE CARES in a DNC way we'd be like, I'm not going to be with someone like that.
Jaime Crouchet: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, we, we, be like, just like that. We pulling in, just like that. And you go, what am I insane. Why would I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not insane. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt this effective
Gwenevere Abriel: ruptured relationship that you have with your mother. It sticks with you. Me him her all of us right steps.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to heal. We want to meet it and feed different fields different we want this other which was originally mom will play this theory out becomes Greg.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we are loved me enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Love me enough to care about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we pick someone that has typically it's a lot of the negative attributes of our caregiver if there was a rupture in the relationship we fix them when we're not conscious. Don't get mad at yourself, totally unconscious
Gwenevere Abriel: That will do the same thing to us so that we can heal so that we can re experience. Right. Well, we didn't get when we were younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most times because this other person isn't in therapy or and and nobody knows what's going on. They just piss us off. They let us down and we are wounded again and in not just a little way but like the big way. Like we were a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard. And so we have this one. And instead of this is just we don't go on this guy. Want to turn, you know, hey, I don't like him. We don't we say
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, is something wrong with me. I'm unlovable, because it feels like that big one. When we were a kid, but it's it's if you stay on conscious of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very possible Hilton truck somewhat just like it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't say I'm so sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just we want to heal. We want that same kind of person to heal us to be the one that says you're worth it. I'm going to just put my crap aside and I'm going to be there for you. And I'm going to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just weird. The way we work. I'm not saying that's what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just happens a lot.
Jaime Crouchet: It makes sense. It does make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's very thing that just just you're tired of it. He's emotionally
Gwenevere Abriel: He won't put your first, you know, there's a and it's probably pretty similar to your mother's just completely unavailable.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: It may, it may, I mean, it makes sense. It does make sense. I was. I mean, I was very comfortable with that man very comfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distance you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Jaime Crouchet: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's your comfort. You're familiar with that much systems.
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: You can tolerate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Many people would be like, and no
Gwenevere Abriel: See house floor right
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's at night and in the morning. So what do you, what are you doing to address those times because it does get risky risky those relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can be triggers for a will screw it, you know, I don't want to feel sad. I don't want to feel lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing, you've got to amp up the coping skills part, you got to bring it up a notch. What are you doing,
Jaime Crouchet: Nothing, nothing, just avoiding it and just kind of trying to hurry up and get my day going to avoid up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've got work, which is nice in the morning, but I think we got to talk about the evening.
Something yeah yeah in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there friendships that you have neglected to ask people out. Spend time
Gwenevere Abriel: Planning least maybe Monday through Friday, having something kind of plugged in, whether it's a gym to yoga every week, I'll go try a new activity, even though you may say, I'm going to hate polities you go anyway because it fills that our
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be tired, you'll be distracted in physical movement or having sort of some playdates with friends. What do you think
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I do have a friend that's wanting me to go to the gym so
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, we could we could do that she can take me to her gym for free with her once a week, so
Gwenevere Abriel: At least getting through these next couple weeks is probably going to be so, so, so important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's me saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: How concerned are you about those evening, because you're getting a text in the morning and you are getting one in the evening. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I of course can send you something, but I don't know that it would get
Gwenevere Abriel: The same feeling
It might. I could certainly
Gwenevere Abriel: Have for people but but you pay attention to you. Okay. How significant is this evening text that you are getting from Greg. Be honest with yourself is no point seven
Jaime Crouchet: I do think it's really significant. All I can think of the last week is just hurry up and find somebody else in my life to distract me
Jaime Crouchet: All I think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, and, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically, this might be a time for me to say this part, typically in recovery when people are really work in a program. They don't even date for a year.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you get a cactus, you get a plant, you get a cat, you get something to take care of.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, you see how you do with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have so much variability. So let's let's let's analyze that just a little bit. Let's go. I want to hurry up and fill it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without someone to fill that
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your self talk. What's your belief about yourself. What are you thinking inside your head. What do you what's going on in your head.
Jaime Crouchet: What's wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I had someone without will tell me there's nothing wrong with me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was talking to you about your ego and the motto is all the positive and negative attributes of your mother and father
Gwenevere Abriel: If those are the people that were your primary caregivers. It's different for everybody. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If my hypothesis is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that there's something wrong with you.
Jaime Crouchet: I don't know.
Jaime Crouchet: Like there is my if I can't even get my mom to love me.
Oh,
Amy.
Jaime Crouchet: Feels like
Gwenevere Abriel: And who is she so if that's
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's what you're doing with yourself. That's the irrational thought, I'm glad you're saying it out loud because at least we can we can challenge it a little bit, then who she loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on pushy, loving, she's so great at loving she's isolated you and she's just not loving you, because there's something wrong with you, who she loving
Jaime Crouchet: She's much better with my siblings.
Jaime Crouchet: She has a relationship with my brother and my younger sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they say I agree with that. They say, yes, it's good because your sister sent you a friggin book.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you but I also heard you. So which one
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah sure that they're not the best relationships, but I do. I feel like I see her attempt with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's texted you to, what does it look like with sister. I'm gonna check in and see, see how how accurate this is
Jaime Crouchet: Probably my sister putting in the effort. No, my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if the what's wrong with me. Even my mom won't love me. What if that is
Gwenevere Abriel: An old network. What if that's from very, very long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling it with right see my sister, they're struggling with her. She, she probably has no clue how to love herself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is struggling and when your father was there. He filled that void. He knew how to do it and probably Ted and tell her behind the scenes quite a bit, get it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that stuff you were doing earlier. Although so glad you said it out loud might fall in the category of this is what a little girl might be saying over simplified.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish your mother could say this is my shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I literally can't. I can't. I see you meeting, I see you told me, these, these wretched horrible things I can't hear it. I can't help. I am I, I'm stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not a value assessment of you. I wish she had the capacity to do that, unfortunately,
Jaime Crouchet: You're going to know I would believe her. I wouldn't believe that
Gwenevere Abriel: But she can't see that either.
Gwenevere Abriel: That takes insight that takes self awareness, the whole point is, she doesn't have self awareness. So you if you're asking the impossible. So in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever experienced yourself feeling wrong.
Jaime Crouchet: In here with you.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Jaime Crouchet: Well, I mean, I guess wrong in a good way. Like I feel like I am wrong by thinking that it's it's me that I'm invaluable. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't so I'm really careful with with these words of right and wrong. I'm asking it to see a fast what you're doing with it in my world view.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little girl little Jamie. What she did was
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to control her environment, she sees the behavior of a parent and intuitively right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm scared. She, she's all powerful. Maybe she'll take care of me, she'll see me, she'll hear me. How does she not see me and hear me well i will i can't blame her because she's all powerful. That's what a parent is I'll blame myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm bad, I'm wrong, I can have some control here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's old, old, old not wrong, little girl did the best she could with
Gwenevere Abriel: Little bit. But I just did the very thing you do that. I just copied you that's so funny. I don't really do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't wrong you you had an adaptation you adapted to your environment. The best way you know how
Gwenevere Abriel: Many people do this, this is where shame gets developed, there's something wrong with me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, she did the best she could
Gwenevere Abriel: Your environment failed you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to get you
Gwenevere Abriel: Shifting cut negative thinking. We've got to break that out. We've got to get in that negative network part around what's wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one I want to work on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're back in your room. That's the one I'd like to do the MD around. That's a big one, because that there's freedom there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you, you simply don't like Greg's behavior that's you saying I don't like it. You could never do that with your mom, you could never say I don't like an amount because you were tiny
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You have a right to your preferences to your boundaries and tolerance and as you grow and change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your expectations of the richness of what you want from a relationship may change if you're right, because I in the beginning I was talking about how this embargo can get reenacted in our, in our romantic relationships. If right now you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. Now, I don't know. So what do you want in a relationship. Do you want someone living with you that is calling you and let's go to lunch and I'll meet you for dinner, and I mean how much contact do you want
Jaime Crouchet: I mean, yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: That's the part that worries me. I guess because I do want that kind of relationship where we go out and do things, but
Jaime Crouchet: Too much emotion is uncomfortable for me. It's too. It's just uncomfortable. I think that's why i mean it's been five years with Greg, but I've been doing this with him, and it was comfortable
Jaime Crouchet: But I just, I've had boyfriends that are too emotional and it's just uncomfortable and I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you're not the same person you were in those other relationships, the more skills you you get around setting boundaries, being able to get in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: This person's emotional and having this phrase. Is this a meat problem or a him problem that's a problem. I'm fine. Today I can offer some listening. I can kind of listen a little bit, but ultimately this other person needs to work it out now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of that phrasing. Is this me problem when we're with a fuser someone that tries to fuse with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to be really clear with our boundaries, but you can, once you learn that skill, then you can be around people that are emotional and I don't have to take care of them. I just set my limits and I get to find out in real time, will they take care of themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the tricks that you didn't have before that you and I can continue to build or your boundaries. You have a right to say, I don't like this. I don't like that. I need to spend some time refueling in my quiet space being alone because
Gwenevere Abriel: Introverts tend to like to refuel on their own. They don't go out and party they want to kind of get centered in their own selves and then they can be refueled and then engage with people again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's
Jaime Crouchet: Am I an introvert, I
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: It's around that refueling typically is right around in there. Some people want to get out how to socialize. Then I'll feel better for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They write for you. It's probably I'm going to pull in the in my quiet, nice and quiet feel better. And then I can go out into the world and connect with people that tends to be one of the sort of trademark pieces of introvert versus extrovert.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people think that I am an extrovert.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm big
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll actually when I have a choice for refueling i'm gonna i'm going to go quiet. And so you would, that's why.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know based on what you what we all see out when everybody's out already, you know, unless you say, you know, is this where you feel better. And you're like, No, I had to really get myself together to even come out tonight, kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, it points to nothing wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did was adaptive. It's just if it means that that's a five year old solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know we you kind of maybe want to add more and so that you're not making sort of decisions as a little girl. We want to make some include new skills include all of this knowledge and wisdom that you've accumulated over the years.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't you don't realize that you still have a lot to learn to. I mean, or I have a lot to offer whether you decide to learn it or not. There's still a lot of work to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around your I will call it a window of tolerance around emotions so you know how you're saying now what I can't tell out here is when you say, Oh, I like these emotional people, but I don't know is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I feel responsible for all those emotions, which is a boundary issue which I just talked about. So I don't know if it's that or if you end up feeling it again a boundary issue I'm too empathetic. I just get wiped out around people's emotions. Right. Or if it's they
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Wishes it
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't tolerate them in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see them in another. You take the blame people are blaming you, you say, Yes, that's true. And now I'm feeling these emotions. I can't tell what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many more about being around emotional people, like, give me an example. This so and so did doesn't such and this is what I did give me a little story.
Jaime Crouchet: I feel, I feel like on a like an everyday regular basis, like with my staff, you know, I've dealt with staff coming in and crying and
Jaime Crouchet: And I feel like I'm good at being there for them. I've never heard otherwise from other people. It's when it comes to romantic relationships when there's too much. I just can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what's the see what are the he's doing, like, I don't
So, so
Jaime Crouchet: So like with my ex husband, he would want to like be touching me all the time like cuddle all the time and sit there and talk about how much he loves me and why. And that's uncomfortable for me. I don't want, I want you, I want to know you love me, but I don't want to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, what's the cuddling and okay expression of. I love you.
Jaime Crouchet: If it was less
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cuddling. Um, maybe once a week, once a day, what we're talking about.
Jaime Crouchet: Just not all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not telling anybody might as well tell me
Jaime Crouchet: Like we can lay in bed and fall asleep cuddling. That's fine with me. But to sit there and watch TV and just cuddle all the time. Every time we're sitting on the couch is just too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now, do you think there's something wrong with you.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes, I do. Yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then what happens is, now it's like, I don't want to be around this kind of person, which you don't quite get is, there's nothing wrong with you. This is your preference.
Jaime Crouchet: Plenty of people
Gwenevere Abriel: Out there, like the same thing. You've got to honor that. And you're going to know when you're dating, right, you're going to know because they won't have that fusion that smothering always always always always touching
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you say there's something wrong with me. You might repress that and not tell this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kind of like to just, you know, sit here with my own bowl of popcorn and my own soda and you're over there. And then we connected the end of the day, that's kind of how I am a if that's not enough might want to talk about it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, that's just a preference and it's amazing that you know what many people can't even identify what that is.
Jaime Crouchet: I just feel bad, I guess, in the end, like my ex husband would make me feel bad about it so
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was, but you would you didn't have me in your life, you probably would have heard me say, Yeah, try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: sending him problem. He's not getting enough affection or sending me problem. That's a him problem I've been like this the whole time. And I told him this is how it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work it out. I'm going to go live my life but that isn't what happened. You took it on
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you did as a little girl as blame and you're the problem. He didn't make you you didn't have the skills of boundary and resilience to be able to, in your mind, the self talk that's necessary to be able to have that inner voice going
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, how much longer going to take us. Oh maybe I sent a message that I was more affectionate than I am. I got on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you can own a little bit. You see,
Jaime Crouchet: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is true, but the whole Nigella the one, it's your fault. Now, the new skill is let me see how much of that is true for me that's the new phrase. That's the new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear what you're summarily calling me whatever, but I'm going to spend some time thinking about what you said and see how much of it is true for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't make you feel anything out of habit you have taken on more than your fair share of blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: And created right already talked about that adaptation you did when you were little. It's familiar to you, habitual and you do it probably automatically
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the more you learn, you're going to have more sort of awareness and consciousness of your tolerance. This
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like this. I don't have to feel bad about it. I don't like it. This is my preference, I need to find someone that kind of likes their independence and then once in a while we get together and play.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we're independent we get together and play independent get together and play.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what
Gwenevere Abriel: He did you know that that making you feel peace. That's where the change can be in sort of inside your head that voice being
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have some choice. I can either take this accusation on in total, or I can see just a tiny bit of what he's saying. The rest of it is all his that's not mine. You see,
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That does make me feel better. Good. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can work in all kinds of places. Oh boy. Does it work at work to
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Let even with a boss, right, what you're saying is so important to me. I'm going to see how much it down. I could really take a look at. Now I switched it up a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I played with words, a little but if you're looking for congruency if you think it's possible to talk to someone like that at work and you say, I'm going to take a look at that. I'm going to take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're talking about. But in your head, you might be doing the switch to what I'm saying, which is I'll see how much of that is true for me. I ain't gonna look at the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can say out loud, is the thing that gets them to show should stop yakking about it, but we can look we're all take a look at this piece, what you're talking about. It's really important. I'll take I'll take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're what you're saying. I'll see what I can do, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But the whole blame thing is problematic. It's so unlikely that we're 100% of blame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly an
Gwenevere Abriel: Inner personal dynamic
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, that makes sense. That feels better to hear that.
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: See, that's why you gotta keep coming to your week
Jaime Crouchet: It just feels better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because we're doing to yourself.
Jaime Crouchet: Was painful because it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was probably shame activating
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you're the problem you're wrong. So that's a whole personality, a character assassination and member of the distinction between shame and guilt, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's freedom to own your little part if you're a little part is this. I'm making it up, but just
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's this. Yeah. I wonder if I drew Greg in
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing unconsciously, that it would end up ending, like this, like, I love the distance, but then the very thing that I loved was the thing that pissed me off. Hmm. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I did that unconsciously.
Gwenevere Abriel: It see it. The very thing that we didn't finish off.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can own. And if you can get your power back you can get your sense of agency back by owning the tiny bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because now you're not a victim you participated. And I think that's exciting. The irony that being guilty is liberating and empowering you think that would have the opposite effect, but I just agree. I think when we can sit with what did I do here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do it again. Well, maybe I'll do it a few more times just to make sure this grammar is not completely off the rocker
Gwenevere Abriel: Monkey drawing and people like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you like what we're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Throughout the day when you start to have what's wrong with me and you try to blame yourself, try this other piece on
Gwenevere Abriel: With Greg WONDER WHAT I DID TO DID NOT. WHO I AM did get to behavior because that that has solution. And I wonder what I did here.
Gwenevere Abriel: To send the message and reinforce that what he's doing is acceptable to me and tolerated it for years didn't speak up. I don't know if that's true, but if it is that's where you can grab your little tiny point 00 1% get your power back
Jaime Crouchet: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you think maybe some part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have reinforced somehow. I know you're not didn't mean to.
Jaime Crouchet: But because I did, I did talk to him. We have talked about this a few times throughout the five years and I just accepted his answer.
Jaime Crouchet: Is the answer is I do, I do care about you. It's just my job. Okay.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you like is you don't want to hear about. I love you want to feel it intermittently.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need we needed to seal it. And so when he showed it you felt it you flew out you felt it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And so maybe the reinforcement was I'll accept this. But what I wanted was this go away because you want the physical cuddle intermittently, and not just the
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When people follow through with what they say they do get a lot more credibility. I happen to agree with you on that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I mean, so maybe your part was sort of tolerating
Gwenevere Abriel: The I care statement when it wasn't backed up with an expression of I say of I care.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So how does it feel to sit with that.
Jaime Crouchet: I just feel stupid. Why did I put up with it for so long.
Jaime Crouchet: Or just, I mean, I feel, I feel good about the situation. I'm grateful that I got to talk to you about it, but I just, you know, I don't get why I would do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even with that you could borrow this philosophy of the motto that we drag along with us.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I mean, yeah, it makes sense. I mean, I hear you. And it makes sense. And I'm scared to death that I'm going to keep doing it.
Jaime Crouchet: Because, but it just sounds so stupid that we would treat our
Jaime Crouchet: Unconscious, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't believe in the unconscious is a real challenge.
Jaime Crouchet: Are you
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. Okay. Okay, good. Its job is just self preserve take care of you always kind of keep an eye out for threat out there store information frontal apart executive functioning organizing use that a lot at work if fan contingencies planning all that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all in service to you at no point throughout the day. Go to I'm stupid. I'm wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go immediately as quickly as you can use thought stop and say, I understand that got me this far, but it may have meant I've missed out on some things I want to do this other thing. Let me just get into
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't know what I hadn't learned
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you know, sometimes it becomes a matter of getting a routine in place of these learned information and skills, but you can't give yourself a hard time for something you hadn't learned yet he just now are learning it
Jaime Crouchet: I tell my staff that almost every day you don't know what you don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: But you it's goodness and for the self to
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me see. Today I needed to have reviewed any of your goals and we just kind of jump in here and see
That
Gwenevere Abriel: Level and then we already worked out a plan of individual therapy it 10 on March 2 group on March 3
Jaime Crouchet: I just look at your
Gwenevere Abriel: Goals real quick before the hour ends here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Third,
Jaime Crouchet: Over
Gwenevere Abriel: On that
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me something.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is important about today for you what came up that was important for you. What's your takeaway. What did you notice important for you.
Jaime Crouchet: That there is, there's
Jaime Crouchet: That
Jaime Crouchet: I would feel like I was making adult decisions with my child mind still and that it's not it's there isn't anything wrong with me. I am subconsciously making these decisions.
Jaime Crouchet: And that I am attracted to that and it makes sense why. Yeah, it makes me feel a lot better that that I feel like there's this. There's nothing wrong with me.
Absolutely not.
Gwenevere Abriel: And additionally, just to review it is a strong invitation that you spend some time really fallen in love with yourself. Again, or if ever before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you invite really work this this recovery program, get some real confidence behind it. Because then when you meet someone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're like, oh, I recognize this stuff. I would normally have fell for this person, I would have put up with it for seven years. I could see myself. You know what I'm gonna have to go ahead and say no.
Jaime Crouchet: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your confidence is going to be that much stronger, you will be that much further into recovery at that point and kind of continuing to taper.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a very common piece just like don't start romantic relationship change people, places and things, these are pretty fundamental in the first year or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So. Give it, give it some thought when those I'm I'm lonely thoughts come maybe maybe today don't give it more than five seconds. Real quick text your friends say, let's go to the gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because as soon as you text it you just put a constraint out there and you kind of have to follow through them because you invite someone
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that, that's working the commitment piece like once I invite someone I gotta follow through with it. So give that a thought you're worth it in the evening okay to take care of you and I'll see you on Monday.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, thank you. Okay, bye.